Yueyue
Don't be angry.
You know, the person I love the most is you.
It's all that bitch Mingwei
He was hanging on.
And he beat me backwards.
Hey, Yueyue, don't be angry
That's right, Yueyue
We have all seen Yuhang's sincerity towards you
This time it must be that bitch Mingwei seducing him
Do you need red wine?
Mingwei
What are you doing here?
Look at him dressed like this, he's here to sell alcohol
Stop
What do you two need?
Two, I heard that your grandma is sick and hospitalized.
Urgent 500,000 medical expenses
So as long as you promise me one thing today
How about I buy all these wines?
What, of course, was yesterday's slap?
Kneel down and apologize to me
That's not possible.
Hold him down for me
Purple Moon, are you crazy?
See this bottle of wine is worth a million
If you don't get on your knees today and apologize to me
I'll tell your manager later
You broke this bottle of wine.
You don't bring it.
Without your grandmother's medical bills
I need to pay off an extra debt.
Are you expensive today or not?